Some legal/licensing fun (#335)
yaronf/I-D: BCP195bis/draft-ietf-uta-rfc7525bis.md

It is therefore RECOMMENDED that TLS 1.2 implementations use the 64-bit
sequence number to populate the `nonce_explicit` part of the GCM nonce, as

> described in the first two paragraphs of {{Section 5.3 of RFC8446}}. This stronger recommendation updates {{Section 3 of RFC5288}}, which specified that 64-bit sequence numbers were optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
described in the first two paragraphs of {{Section 5.3 of RFC8446}}. This stronger recommendation updates {{Section 3 of RFC5288}}, which specified that the use of 64-bit sequence numbers to populate the `nonce_explicit` field was optional.
```
